1. What advantages do Excel spreadsheets have over CSV spreadsheets?

---> CSV files are not having below features but are available in Excel spreadsheets.
     CSV can string type of values but excel can have different types of values.
     CSV don’t have settings for font size or color
     CSV don’t have multiple worksheets
     CSV Can’t specify cell widths and heights
     CSV Can’t have merged cells
     CSV Can’t have images or charts embedded in them

2. What do you pass to csv.reader() and csv.writer() to create reader and writer objects?

---> file object created for the csv file need to be passed to the csv.reader and csv.writer() function to create reader and writer objects.

3. What modes do File objects for reader and writer objects need to be opened in?

---> Read mode ('r') need to be passed in the open function for reader and Write mode ('w') need to be passed for open function for writing.

4. What method takes a list argument and writes it to a CSV file?

---> writerow() method of the writer object takes list argument and writes to the csv file.

5. What do the keyword arguments delimiter and line terminator do?

---> Delimiter is a character that separates the cells in the row. In the CSV file, the default delimiter is comma, so each cell is separated by
     comma. If the cells need to be separated by some other character such as tab, it need to be specified as delimiter argument
     in the csv writer function.

     Line terminator is a character that separates the rows or it appears at the end of line. By default, the line terminator is new line.
     If the rows need to be separated by some other character then it need to be specified as line terminator argument.

6. What function takes a string of JSON data and returns a Python data structure?

---> loads() function of the json module takes string of JSON data and returns python value.

7. What function takes a Python data structure and returns a string of JSON data?

---> dumps() function of the json module takes python value and returns string of JSON data.
