1. What does RGBA stand for?

---> RGBA stands for Red, Green, Blue and Alpha. RGBA value is a group of numbers represents the amount of red,blue,green and alpha in it.

2. From the pillow module, how do you get the RGBA value of any images?

---> Pillow module has Imagecolor.getcolor() function to get the RGBA tuple value of the color. The first argument is the color name string
     and second argument should be string RGBA.

     To get the RGB values of any image, need to use PIL.Image.Image.getpixel() function and pass x coordinate and y coordinate values of an image.

3. What is a box tuple, and how does it work?

---> Box tuple is tuple of four values that represents the rectangular region in the image. The four values are:
     1.Left: The x co-ordinate of left most edge of the box.
     2.Top: The y co-ordinate of the top edge of the box.
     3.Right: The x co-ordinate of pixel to the right of  the right most side of the image.
     4.Bottom: The y co-ordinate of pixel to the lower than the bottom edge of the box.

     The box include the left and top co-ordinates and it goes up. The right co-ordinates increase from left to right from the origin and
     Bottom co-ordinate increase going downward.

4. Use your image and load in notebook then, How can you find out the width and height of an image object?

---> size attribute of the image object contains width and height of an Image object.

     open() function of the image object is used to load the image and returns the image object. Using size attribute of
     this image object, width and height of the image will be known.

5. What method would you call to get Image object for a 100×100 image, excluding the lower-left quarter of it?

---> The resize() method of the image object returns the new image object of the specified width and height.

     image_object.resize(50,100)

6. After making changes to an Image object, how could you save it as an image file?

---> save method of the image object will save the modified image in an image file.

7. What module contains Pillow’s shape-drawing code?

---> ImageDraw module contains Pillow's shape-drawing code.

8. Image objects do not have drawing methods. What kind of object does? How do you get this kind of object?

---> ImageDraw object has drawing methods. To get the image draw object, image object need to be passed to the draw method of the ImageDraw object.

